We've done everything we can.
It would be wise to consider a threshold.
Sis... it's not fair to leave him like this.
I'm not giving up on him.
Zurab.
I just heard from the prison.
They're extending your brother's
prison sentence by ten years.
Governor.
Zurab. Always wonderful to see you.
How are you, my friend?
I've been better.
One of our prize bulls is sick.
We have to kill him.
Bury him before he infects the others.
You asked me here to commiserate?
Walk with me, would you?
You said it was urgent.
I just heard that this morning
you signed off on
extending my brother's prison sentence
by ten years.
Your brother threw a DEA agent off a roof.
The Americans are all over us.
When Davit and I were young,
I was to protect my brother at all costs.
My father would never let me forget it.
I contested his extradition to the States.
Kept him in a Georgian prison.
I even allowed his family
to be housed in prison with him.
Let's not forget who put you
in this office. And why.
I'm sorry. There's nothing I can do.
One of our prize bulls is sick.
You told me.
Don't wake them.
It's hard for them to fall asleep in here.
Come.
No.
No?
Not tonight.
It's been weeks
since they've seen the sun.
They can't survive like this.
It's hard on them.
Hard?
He needs to grow up hard.
There are other places to hide.
Sure, in here your brother protects us.
But I don't want my son
to become a Nagazi.
The last thing I need is your fat mouth.
What are you going to do?
Drag me into your cell?
You forgetting you're my wife?
Not your property.
Maybe I raise them on my own, huh?
You would not be missed.
Mom, you okay?
I thought you were sleeping.
Are you sure you are okay?
I'm fine.
I'm sorry.
It's okay, my love.
Don't worry. It'll be okay.
Maybe Dad is right.
I do need to grow up hard.
So I can become a Nagazi.
We can get a shipment of weapons
to Seoul by tomorrow night.
And my brother Yaz
will fly there to deliver it personally.
I have tickets to the game tomorrow.
Sorry, I have to call you back.
You're going to miss the game.
Fucking hell.
- You're already edgy.
- But I need to talk about it.
- Are you ready?
- Let's go.
Freezing out there.
They don't want to sleep in the cold,
they shouldn't kill people for a living.
207 unlocked.
You got five minutes.
Power is out everywhere.
Going to check it out.
Sandro, wake up. We have to go.
Get dressed.
Who is this man?
He's going to take us out of here.
Put your shoes on.
Where are we going?
I'll tell you later.
Dad?
This man is getting us out of here.
Your father's waiting outside.
Code Red. Security, lock down the exits.
Security breach. All guards, Code Red.
Alert, perimeter breached.
Close down the exits.
Don't be afraid.
Go up, and I'll come up too.
Where are you taking my children?
Motherfucker!
You bitch.
Alert, riot in the square.
Lock down the exits.
Alert, all units to the prison courtyard.
Close down all the exits.
Code Red. Security, lock down the exits.
Close all gates. Guards, get to the walls.
Where's Father? You told me he was coming.
He'll meet us later.
What do they know?
- Why are Uncle's men shooting at us?
- Are you okay?
Don't they know we're in this car?
It hurts!
Reaper Team, in position.
Move, move.
Reaper 1 and 2,
you have to stop this train.
Copy, moving toward the engine.
Go, go!
Reaper 1 is down.
Breaching!
What's going on?
I'm sorry.
This was deeply resourced.
Lead operative was A-plus.
There's maybe four or five guys
who could've done this to us.
Was this the Chechens?
It's not their style.
They don't organize like this.
Someone wanted revenge.
With your brother, that's no short list.
No.
This wasn't revenge.
This was something else.
Where's Father?
There isn't time for this.
Your sister needs help.
I'm not leaving without him.
- Come on. Your sister needs help.
- I'm not going.
Your father isn't coming.
Is he dead?
Please, Sandro.
Davit!
I tried to protect him.
Is this protection?
You fight for your brother
till your last drop of blood.
Full medical detail.
I need you to meet us
at Donau-City Strasse.
Calm down. She's just trying to help.
Don't patronize me.
A doctor will be there when we land.
Try to rest.
You are a brave girl.
I'm listening.
Uncle... It's me, Sandro.
Sandro? Where are you?
Was my father going to kill my mother?
Sandro--
Answer me!
Don't listen to anything your mother says,
you understand me?
She did this.
She had your father killed. Understand?
She has wanted to take you away
from your father for years.
And now you are with the man
who killed him.
So where are you?
You're a Nagazi. Be your father's son.
Where are you heading?
This is the most important thing
I will ever ask you to do.
To rectify this desecration.
This filth came to our home
and murdered our family.
Our brothers.
By God's law, he must die by our hand.
You are my brothers. My life is yours.
I'll follow you to the end.
My life is yours.
And mine.
You're throwing their lives away.
This path doesn't end well.
"You fight for your brother
till your last drop of blood."
I haven't forgotten my father's lesson.
Have you?
Up or down?
They'll come down. More options.
The children?
"Meet me in the back alley."
What did you do?
I'm sorry, Mama...
Sandro... What did you do? How could you?!
He doesn't care about you!
He's gonna kill us!
The Nagazi are my family.
I am your family.
Nina is your family!
We need backup!
Come, boy.
Don't listen to him.
Come back to us.
Come to your family.
It wasn't my mother's fault.
She just wanted us to get out of there.
Get in the car, stay here!
Watch the boy.
Team three, take them out.
Quick.
They're up top.
Force them back into the building.
Pin him in!
Commander, do we have permission
to engage?
Shooters on the roof.
Cleared to engage.
Police!
Reload!
- Team one, they're headed to you.
- We're ready.
Sergo, Konstantine, secure the entrance.
Everyone else, up top.
You okay?
You're gonna be okay.
I am sorry.
I'm so sorry I dragged you into this.
Is he going to kill my mother?
If you wanted her alive,
you shouldn't have called.
Traitor!
What happened?
I thought I would never see you again.
The whole country is looking for us.
Then go, get on the plane.
We lost ten Nagazi today.
Good soldiers.
It's enough.
Don't be afraid.
It'll be fine.
Be an example to Sandro.
You're no good to him dead,
or rotting in an Austrian prison.
How can I be an example to Sandro,
if I run away?
Let's ask God.
"Fear not, for I'm with you."
"The Lord is near to the brokenhearted."
I know, I've read it.
I once believed God took your hearing,
so he could whisper right into your ear.
But now you only hear your rage.
You know who my father
used to compare you to?
Do you remember the cricket
from the movie?
The one who sits on the boy's nose.
Always chirping nonsense in his ear.
Chirping and chirping, again and again.
Do you remember it?
And where is your father now?
Where is your brother?
I always knew
there was a bullet waiting for me,
but not from your gun.
Sweetheart.
You got so big.
Aunt Mia's going to take us
somewhere safe. Okay?
Is Sandro coming?
Hurry up.
Go. Take his gun.
Don't make me tell you again.
I said to point the gun at him.
This is the man who killed your father.
Avenge him.
Pull the trigger.
Disappointing.
I'm going to blow his asshole face off.
I will not...
stop.